update readme to remove `orbit` usage (#78)
OffchainLabs/orbit-actions: README.md

# Chain Action Contracts

> A set of contracts that are similar to Arbitrum [gov-action-contracts](https://github.com/ArbitrumFoundation/governance/tree/main/src/gov-action-contracts), but are designed to be used with the Arbitrum chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of contracts for upgrading and manipulating Arbitrum chains. These contracts are similar to the [gov-action-contracts](https://github.com/ArbitrumFoundation/governance/tree/main/src/gov-action-contracts) used by Arbitrum One.
```

## Check Version and Upgrade Path

Run the follow command to check the version of Nitro contracts deployed on the parent chain of your Arbitrum chain.

```
$ INBOX_ADDRESS=0xaE21fDA3de92dE2FDAF606233b2863782Ba046F9 yarn orbit:contracts:version --network arb1

> Get the version of Arbitrum chain's nitro contracts (inbox 0xaE21fDA3de92dE2FDAF606233b2863782Ba046F9), hosted on chain 42161

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the version of the chain's nitro contracts (inbox 0xaE21fDA3de92dE2FDAF606233b2863782Ba046F9), hosted on chain 42161
```

### Nitro contracts 1.2.1 (for [ArbOS 20 Atlas](https://docs.arbitrum.io/run-arbitrum-node/arbos-releases/arbos20))

The [`nitro-contracts 1.2.1` upgrade action](scripts/foundry/contract-upgrades/1.2.1) will deploy `nitro-contracts v1.2.1` contracts to your Arbitrum chain's parent chain. Note that this action will only work for chains with `nitro-contracts v1.1.0` or `nitro-contracts v.1.1.1`. ArbOS 20 Atlas, shipped via [Nitro v2.3.0](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/releases/tag/v2.3.0), requires [**`nitro-contracts v1.2.1`**](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro-contracts/releases/tag/v1.2.1) or higher.

## Scheduling the ArbOS upgrade

_This section is also referenced in the documentation on ["How to upgrade ArbOS on your Arbitrum chain"](https://docs.arbitrum.io/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/validation-and-security/arbos-upgrade)_

Next, you will need to schedule the actual upgrade using the [ArbOS upgrade at timestamp action](scripts/foundry/arbos-upgrades/at-timestamp).

This action schedule an upgrade of the ArbOS to a specific version at a specific timestamp.

## Common upgrade paths

> Here is a list of common upgrade paths that can be used to upgrade the Arbitrum chains, beginning with the most recent upgrade. These instructions are duplicated from the docs on [How to upgrade ArbOS on your Arbitrum chain](https://docs.arbitrum.io/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/validation-and-security/arbos-upgrade), specifically Steps 1 through 3. Step 4 is mentioned below under "Other Actions".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of common upgrade paths that can be used to upgrade Arbitrum chains, beginning with the most recent upgrade. These instructions are duplicated from the docs on [How to upgrade ArbOS on your Arbitrum chain](https://docs.arbitrum.io/launch-arbitrum-chain/configure-your-chain/common/validation-and-security/arbos-upgrade), specifically Steps 1 through 3. Step 4 is mentioned below under "Other Actions".
```
